Whether we like it or not, AI is here
and it's not going anywhere anytime
soon. And on social media, we're only
going to see more and more posts that
were made with partially or entirely by
artificial intelligence over the next
few years. Now, I'm not here to scare
you, and I'm also not here to open up
the can of worms that is the ethical
debate about artificial intelligence.
What I am here to do is to let you know
that you won't be replaced by AI, but
you might be replaced by a business
owner or a content creator who is using
AI. Hey, what's up? My name is Brock
Johnson. I'm the host of the Build Your
Tribe podcast, where every single week
we let you know about the latest trends
and changes on social media so that you
can grow your brand or business more
effectively online. Today, I'm going to
share with you how you can come up with
100 Instagram posts using AI in about an
hour's time. And while the prompts and
ideas that I share with you today might
be somewhat specific to Instagram, they
can definitely be used for whatever
platform you prefer. Whether it's Tik
Tok X, Facebook, YouTube shorts,
whatever, these prompts can be applied
with some slight modifications. Before
we get into the actual content creation,
I think it's important that I lay some
groundwork, some foundation as to how I
view AI in the workplace and
specifically in the social media and
content creation workplace. And I'm
going to give you some helpful things
that you should come prepared with, so
to speak, if you want to create 100
Instagram posts in 1 hour using AI. AI
is a tool just like any other, just like
the invention of the printing press,
just like the invention of the computer.
It is a tool that will, yes, absolutely
put people out of work, and it will,
yes, at the same time, create a bunch of
new jobs and new opportunities. I also
believe that just like any other tool,
it's not going to be the same in every
person's hand. If I gave every single
person on the planet a hammer, we're
going to have wildly different results.
Some of the people who I'm handing the
hammer to are going to be babies who
can't even hold the hammer. Some of them
are going to be skilled crafts people
who can build an entire home with just a
hammer. And some people will probably
seek to end other people's lives with
the hammer. The hammer is ultimately a
tool. A tool that some will use for
good, others will use for destruction,
and some won't use at all. And
ultimately, that's how I view AI as
well. Again, though, I don't want to get
lost in the weeds of the ethics of AI. I
do believe it is a tool and I do believe
that as a content creator, as a business
owner, you are kind of playing with one
hand tied behind your back if you're not
using AI. Now, I know it can be scary
and I know in today's episode I'm going
to be sharing a bunch of different AI
tools with you and that can feel very
overwhelming. I got to admit, even
myself, sometimes I'm scrolling through
Tik Tok or scrolling through Instagram
reels and I'm hearing this new AI tool
and this new AI feature and this new
update and it can be overwhelming. It
can feel like you're drowning in this
neverending sea of AI updates and new
tools that you have to use. And while
that anxiety is definitely present, I
want to tell you something that has
helped me. You don't have to be an AI
expert in order to use AI effectively.
And you definitely don't have to keep up
to date with every single new AI tool
that comes out. I'm a firm believer that
if you just pick one AI tool and you get
really good at using that one singular
tool, you're going to be light years
ahead of most other business owners who
are admittedly, like I mentioned a
moment ago, just feeling overwhelmed by
the constant influx of new AI news. And
with that being said, two of the best
ways that you can improve your use of
these AI tools is number one,
approaching it from a mindset of daily
play. Yes, I said daily because I do
believe that if you're only using Chat
GPT once a week or a few times a month,
you're not going to learn the little
tricks and pick up on those little
changes that you would if you were using
it every single day, or at least you're
not going to pick up on them as fast.
And the second part of this first tip is
not just daily, but daily play.
Approaching AI not just from a stance of
how can this make me more efficient, how
can this expedite my process, but how
can I play with it? How can I play
around? How can I be creative with it? I
do believe, and not to get too far ahead
of ourselves, that if you are creative
yourself, if you are playful and
imaginative yourself, your use of AI
will be better than if you're not. And
so, one of the best ways to keep that
sense of playful creativity alive, that
childlike wonder alive, is to quite
literally play with AI. Use tools that
are just for fun. try prompts and try
ideas and talk to chat GPT just for fun
things, not just for work things. And
then the second way that you can become
better at using these AI tools is doing
exactly what you're doing right now,
which is watching and or listening to
podcasts andor YouTube videos about the
different tools that you want to learn
about. So, good job. You're already in
the right place. Now, with all of that
being said, why the heck am I teaching
you how to create 100 Instagram posts in
an hour using AI? Well, because the more
you post, the more you grow. It is
factually correct to say that on
Instagram, there's a direct correlation
between post frequency and growth rate.
Basically, as you increase your posting,
usually you also see an increase in
followers. Now, this increase isn't
immediate. It's not guaranteed, but it
is the average. And so what I like to
tell people is if you can find ways to
sustain a higher frequency of posting,
you will likely see a higher growth
rate. And that's what today is all
about. Today I'm going to give you some
tricks and tips. And likely 99% of the
people who watch today's episode will
not be creating 100 posts using AI in
under an hour. But you will be able to
work smarter. You will be able to work
more efficiently. You will be able to
put systems in place so that you can
spend more time working on your business
or focusing on other areas of your life
outside of your business that will bring
you more fulfillment than posting
another Instagram reel. Ultimately, I
believe that AI allows us to create more
good posts in less time. It allows us to
scale our posting frequency without
having to scale our time spent or the
amount of effort that we put in. So,
with all that being said, before we get
into the actual 100 posts from AI in
under an hour, what are you going to
need to get started? Besides the actual
accounts needed or the subscriptions
needed to the different tools that I'm
going to mention, I do think it would be
helpful if you had at least one long-
form piece of content ready to go.
Whether that is a monthly podcast,
whether that's the recording from an
Instagram or Facebook live, whether it's
a long- form Tik Tok like let's say a
five 10 minute long Tik Tok video, just
some piece of long- form content. Long
form content is generally described as
content that is longer than 3 to 5
minutes. But if you want to make longer
content, if you're a podcaster, if you
love going live on Instagram, that's
great, too. So having at least one of
those ready to go is super helpful. Even
if you don't have a long form video
ready to go, you're still going to be
able to create about 70 of the 100
different posts that I'm about to
describe. The next helpful prerequisite
is five days worth of filming little
clips of yourself. I don't mean that you
need to have 24 hours of footage, but
just five different days. And maybe if
you've never done this before, this
would be a helpful habit to get into.
Not something that you need to do every
day, but if you just every once in a
while, every couple days, get in the
habit of kind of vlogging yourself,
filming little moments in your day.
Again, you don't have to film every
moment of your day, but if you just film
a good amount, let's say five to 10
clips throughout your day, that's going
to help us create more content with AI.
And we're going to talk about that in
just a second. But like even as I'm
recording this podcast right now, I'll
just start a little video on my phone,
prop up my phone against my water bottle
sitting here on my desk, and boom, I'm
recording B-roll content that I could
use in the future for a talking head
video, for B-roll, or I can use it for
what I'm going to describe in just a
second, which is AI vlogs. And then the
final prerequisite is something that I
think is going to be the most helpful,
also the one that you probably already
have the most of, which is just prior
posted content. Now, it's totally
possible that you're watching today's
episode and you've never posted anything
before, you're just getting started with
social media, you've just launched this
new brand or business and you're ready
to start posting, that's totally fine,
too. Again, this isn't a non-negotiable.
But if you're someone who's posted
things in the past, maybe you've been
showing up consistently on Instagram for
the last 3 months or a couple years,
it's going to be more helpful than not.
All right, let's get into it. 100
Instagram post ideas in less than an
hour using AI. The first one is going to
use an app that you might already have
downloaded on your phone that you might
not realize uses a bunch of artificial
intelligence, and that is none other
than everyone's favorite editing app,
Cap Cut. Now, no offense to iMovie or
Final Cut or Adobe Premiere or edits
from Instagram. I'm a Cap Cut lover
myself. I love Cap Cut for a few
reasons. This is not a Cap Cut promo. My
favorite reason is that it uses a bunch
of AI to help make the editing process
more efficient. And number two, I'm not
sure if you're aware of this, Cap Cut
has a desktop app. And so I'm a big fan
of editing on Cap Cut desktop than on my
phone, but like I said, Cap Cut uses a
bunch of AI. If you have ever used Cap
Cut to automatically add captions to
your video, that's AI that's doing that.
If within those captions, it has
automatically pulled out the key words
and important phrases and put them in
bold or in a different font, that is AI.
But the specific AI feature within Caput
that we're going to use right now to
create five posts, our first five out of
100 is what they call smart vlogs. Now,
the AI smart vlogs in Caput are a really
cool feature that allow you to
essentially select a bunch of random
clips from throughout your day or even
throughout multiple days and then it
will automatically edit them into one
short form vlog for social media. It
will take the best moments. It will take
little clips. It will put transitions
between some of these clips and then all
you have to do is add some music in the
background or maybe a voice over and
you're good to go. You might have to
make a few trims and edits here or
there, but for the most part, Cap Cut
will be doing all of the work as long as
you have filmed those little clips as
you went. The second tool is going to be
especially helpful for those of you with
a long form video. Again, that could be
a YouTube video, a podcast, it could be
a training or a live video that you did,
or pro tip, if you're someone who does
one-on-one coaching, with the permission
of the client you're coaching, you could
save the recording from that coaching
session and use it for this idea. This
idea is to use one of the two following
tools: Opus Clip and Munch. I'll link up
both in the show notes down below, but
both essentially do the same thing. They
take long form video and they
automatically cut it up into short form
video. I've tried both Opus Clip and Git
Munch and they're both pretty solid
tools that offer pretty much the same
thing at pretty comparable price points.
The areas that I would say Opus Clip
really excels are number one, they offer
what's called a virality score, which is
basically just a ranking of how viral or
the potential virality of your posts
based off current trends and data on
Instagram and on Tik Tok. They also
offer really polished editing that looks
really nice and really clean uh with
dynamic zooms and just more complex
editing than you would get with Munch.
They also offer a really cool feature
called highlight reels where instead of
taking your 30 minute long YouTube video
and pulling out a one minute clip that's
very coherent from start to finish and
has a complete thought in it. They kind
of pull these different super short
moments that are basically highlight
reels. Think ESPN or think like your
favorite podcast. Now, they post those
little snippets or like a movie trailer.
Um, and so it's a great way to create
just an additional kind of content from
your long form video. They also have
what they call an AI co-pilot in Opus
Clip, which suggests things like a
caption, hashtags, and uh different
formats or styles that you could use for
Tik Tok or Instagram. Git Munch does
have something similar, but I think Opus
Clip is just a little bit better in that
regard. Git Munch, on the other hand, is
better when it comes to SEO. It's better
at recognizing patterns within search
trends and popularity. And so if you're
someone who is really trying to optimize
for search engine discovery, you might
want to stick with Git Munch. Git Munch
is also great if you have a larger team
or operation because they're very
enterprise friendly. And Git Munch
excels in multil- language support. So
if you're creating content that isn't in
English, you might want to consider Git
Munch instead of Opus Clip. But from a
30 minute long- form piece of content,
you could easily create 30 individual
clips or I should say you could easily
have 30 individual clips, 30 individual
posts created by Opus Clip or Munch. And
so for those of you out there who are
math majors, 30 posts from Opus Clip or
Munch plus five posts from Cap Cut Smart
Blogs equals 35 total posts. Now, let's
keep it rolling with everyone's favorite
AI tool. The next big section of this
podcast is going to be all about chat
GPT. Again, I believe that if you can
use one AI tool, but you can use it
well, you'll be way ahead of those
people who are just overwhelmed trying
to learn 50 tools at once. So, let me
tell you how you can use Chat GPT, and
this is exactly how I use it on a daily
basis to help you create a variety of
different Instagram posts, and I'll give
you the exact prompts that you can use.
I'll put them up on the screen. So, if
you want to screenshot those and then
copy and paste them, you're more than
welcome to do that. By the way, I also
have a list of 16 chat GPT prompts that
I have put together for you. It's a free
list that does not just come from my
brain. It comes from a team of AI
experts who I consulted to help me come
up with prompts for social media. We put
those together. We made a free list.
I'll put that in the show notes down
below for you as well. But here are some
prompts that aren't included on that
list that I think are super helpful for
creating content on Instagram. And I
don't want to spoil too much of where
we're headed, but part of what we're
about to do is use Chat GPT to create
scripts or prompts or outlines. And then
we are going to take what Chat GPT gives
us and put that into other AI tools that
will actually create the finished
product for us. Because at the time of
recording this, Chat GPT can do really
great text output. It can do pretty good
photo output and it can't really do
video output at this point. So, if you
are using AI to create the video 100%
start to finish, we're going to need
some additional tools. But I don't want
to get ahead of myself. Let's focus on
chat GPT for now. First of all, let's
use it to create 15 talking head reels.
The type of reels, the type of short
form video content like I'm doing right
now where I'm talking directly to the
camera. Oftentimes, some of the hardest
content to come up with on social media
because it requires a more complex
script. So, let's have ChatBT do that
for us with the following prompt. I want
you to act as a social media script
writer. I am creating short form videos
for Instagram where I talk directly to
the camera. Your job is to write a
compelling script that meets all of the
following criteria. Niche and then you
tell it what your niche is. The more
specific you can be, the better. The
more details you can give it about your
target audience and what it is you're
posting about, the better. Speaking of
target audience, that's the second thing
you're going to give chatbt. So, niche
colon, tell it your niche. Target
audience colon tell it your target
audience. Video style colon talking head
reel where I talk directly to the
camera. Hook colon. Start with a 5 to
8word hook written at a fifth grade
reading level that uses negative or high
curiosity language to grab attention.
Length. The script should be long enough
to explain the concept clearly, but
short enough to fit comfortably in a 30
to 45se second reel. roughly 90 to 120
total words. Tone colon and you can tell
it the tone that you're looking for. The
tone for this, I would just say the tone
that you normally speak in, the tone
that you like to be perceived in. For
me, it's very enthusiastic and
energetic, but no fluff and no BS. CTA
colon the script with a clear call to
action telling people exactly what they
should do next, whether it be like,
save, share, or comment, and why they
should take that action. And then the
prompt ends by saying, "Please generate
five script options based off this
prompt." Now, I told you that this was
going to come up with 15 scripts, but I
think it's helpful when using chat GPT
to have it create a smaller output, at
least at first, until you have really
refined it. So, if you tell it to create
five scripts for you, and all five look
great, you can tell it, "Awesome, create
five more using the same prompt." If the
five scripts don't quite look great, you
could give it some feedback, tell it to
save your feedback, and then tell it to
generate five new responses. Then once
you have those scripts, you could either
go out and record them yourself or hold
on to them. And I'll tell you in just a
minute how you can use AI to actually
turn those scripts into fully fleshed
out and created reels. And of course,
for those of you who are keeping track,
the 35 reels that we have already made
plus the 15 scripts that we have just
generated brings us to a total of 50
posts using AI. So we're halfway there.
Let's keep rolling though. Also using
chat GBT, you could have it come up with
motivational or inspirational quotes for
you, which by the way, motivational
inspirational content is one of the five
kinds of shareworthy posts that I
recently covered in an episode of Build
Your Tribe all about shareworthy
content, which not to spoil what that
episode was all about. Shares are the
best way to get more views and to grow
on Instagram. So, if you haven't
already, definitely go check that out
once you're done with this one, of
course. But here's the prompt that you
can use to create motivational or
inspirational content using chat GBT.
Take these quotes and reference
everything else you know about me,
including my beliefs, my teaching, and
my pillars, and come up with some more
quotes that I could turn into social
media posts. The post should have a
gentle kick-in butt vibe to them. And
then I just copy and pasted some of my
favorite quotes and some of my quotes
that have performed the best in the past
as posts on Instagram. And of course,
feel free to change up the vibe if you
want it to be a more direct, a more
harsh, a softer vibe, whatever it is
that you want for your specific
motivational content. I prefer a gentle
kick in the butt vibe to my content and
so that works for me, but feel free to
customize this prompt and make it your
own. And of course, don't forget to copy
and paste your list of quotes because
the more you give Chat GPT, the better
the output will be. And just like the
talking head scripts, Chat GPT will give
you a list of quotes that you can then
use Canva or use whatever editing app
you prefer to create your own Instagram
posts or you can hold on to them. And in
just a minute, I'll tell you how you can
use Chat GPT to take those quotes and
turn them into posts for you. 50 + 15.
We're now up to 65 total posts using AI.
Let's move on. This next Chat GBT prompt
is going to help you come up with memes
for your Instagram. Memes often fall
under the category of relatable content,
which is also one of my five kinds of
shareworthy posts. And meme marketing is
one of the can't miss strategies for
2025. I believe that your brand is being
a silly little goose on social media if
you are not using memes. So, here's the
prompt. Use a popular meme to create a
relatable Instagram post. The output
should be in the ratio three wide by
four high. There should be a white area
above the meme that includes text that
connects the image to my niche. And then
you tell it what your niche is, what
your area of expertise or your area of
focus on Instagram is. You should select
the meme from your own discretion based
off what you think will be the funniest
and most relatable to my audience. And
then you tell it what your audience is,
what your demographics are. In order to
be as relatable as possible, I want the
text you add to be as specific as
possible. Now, there's a few nuances, a
few things that I want to bring up
within this prompt. Number one, the
prompt I just gave you is relying on
chat GPT's image generation, which, like
I said, it's good. It's definitely
improved on where it was even just a few
months ago, but it's still not great.
So, you might notice that the memes that
it creates for you are not exactly what
you would post. Maybe they're not
exactly coherent looking. Maybe some
eyes are looking in different directions
or the fingers are a little bit messed
up. So, as an alternative, you could
give it a meme. You could take a popular
meme that you find on the internet and
give it to ChatgPT and tell it to use
that as a reference or to create its own
memes to create its own uh references
and text based off those images.
Alternatively, instead of asking it to
create the image or giving it an image
to recreate, you could ask it to
describe the image that it had in mind
or to even pull up a link that it wants
you to reference. So instead of taking
like the classic meme of the guy holding
a woman's hand looking back at some
other woman and trying to like recreate
its own AI version of that, its own best
interpretation of that, it could just
tell you to grab that image from
somewhere else. And then you could do
the final work of actually taking the
text that chat GPT comes up with, taking
the image that chat GPT told you to use
and combining the two in say Canva. So
chat GPT is doing the majority of the
work and then you're just actually
putting together what it came up with.
One major current limitation of chat GPT
image generation is that it can only
generate one image at a time. So if you
are using this to create, let's say, 10
meme posts, which yes, would bring us to
a total of 75 total posts from AI, you
would have to do it one at a time. It's
a little bit more laborious than telling
it to create 10 memes for you, but it's
still probably going to be faster than
creating 10 memes on your own. Next up,
we're going to use chat GPT to help us
come up with outlines for our Instagram
carousels. Here's another lengthy prompt
that you can put into Chat GPT. I'll put
it up on the screen so you can take a
screenshot of it. And I do want to give
you a pro tip. I kind of quickly
mentioned this earlier. Instead of
constantly giving chat GPT this same
long prompt every single time, you can
give it the prompt just one single time
and then tell it to save the prompt
under a certain phrase or keyword so
that every time you don't have to copy
and paste the long prompt. You can just
give it the missing information. And so
since this one is going to help you
create carousels, you could put this
prompt into chat GPT and then tell it to
save this prompt as carousel. And then
in the future, you can just say carousel
and then give it the missing information
and you're good to go. Here's the
prompt. I want to create an educational
Instagram carousel for my audience.
Please follow this structure for the
carousel. Slide one, hook. Start with a
5 to 8 word hook that uses strong or
negative emotional language and keep it
at a fifth grade reading level. Second
slide, add a subtitle, second hook, or
curiositydriven statement that expands
on the problem or teases the solution.
Third slide to second to last slide.
Come up with three to 10 slides that
provide valuable educational content.
These should be written clearly and
concisely using bullet points, examples,
and storytelling where relevant. Final
slide, call to action encouraging
audience what they should do next. That
part of the prompt will never change.
This next part of the prompt is the part
that you will change either every time
or based off the niche or industry that
you're in. Here's my info niche. And
then of course tell it what your niche
is. Target audience. Tell it what your
target audience is. And then finally
topic for this carousel. Now if you
don't have an idea of what the topic
could be, you could do a step before
this prompt, which is allowing chat GPT
to help you come up with titles or
topics for your carousel. But if you do
have topics for your carousel, this is
where you would insert what you want the
carousel to be about. Then the prompt
concludes by saying, "Please write the
full slideby slide text, not just an
outline. Prioritize clarity, brevity,
and specificity. Avoid fluff. Make it
easy to swipe through and packed with
value." Of course, this will just
generate one Instagram carousel. So, if
you repeated this prompt five times,
that would bring us to a total of 80
total posts made using AI. And again, in
just a second, I will tell you how you
can use Chat GPT to actually turn this
text into a post that's ready to go. But
before we do that, one final piece of
text output that we can gain from Chat
GPT is taking our existing posts and
refreshing or renewing them. Here's the
prompt that I use to do exactly that.
Below are scripts that I've used for my
past reels. Please use these as
templates for how I speak, script,
write, and talk to my audience. With
these as your template, come up with
five new scripts for topics that I
haven't previously covered, but would be
relevant to my niche. And you can tell
it what your niche is and my target
audience. And you can tell it what your
target audience is. Now, you could get
really advanced with this strategy and
take the scripts that you have
previously used for your reels in the
past and pull out like the reels that
have performed really well or the reels
that have gone viral or the reels that
have gained you a lot of followers and
have chat GPT rewrite or recreate those
scripts. Or you can just take a big old
list of like hundreds of scripts that
you've used from the past. If you
haven't used scripts in the past, you
could also transcribe your reels from
the past and then take those and feed
them into chat GPT. So you don't have to
tell it how you talk. It can just read
and listen to how you talk and learn
from that. I used this exact prompt the
other day and I was thoroughly impressed
with the ideas that chat GPT came up
with. And if we use this prompt, that
creates five new scripts, which brings
us to a total of 85 posts made with the
help of AI. Now, I kept teasing you with
how you could use Chat GPT to create
carousels or these like inspirational
motivational posts for you. And that's
actually relatively simple. You can just
use the create an image tool within Chat
GPT. And like I said, it's not amazing
for actual illustrations or photos. It's
really good. It's definitely improved,
but it's not amazing. But if you just
want it to create text posts for you or
carousel posts, it can do that pretty
well because essentially it's just
taking your text and making it into an
image. It's not creating an entire image
from scratch. So you could just pull out
your favorite motivational quotes, your
favorite inspirational sayings that Chat
GPT came up with. You could pull out the
individual slides that it came up with
for your carousels. Give that text to
Chat GPT and then give it the
information that you want it to create.
Tell it the aspect ratio of the final
output image. Tell it what font size or
shape or style or color you want it to
use and it will do a pretty good job of
creating what you want. Now, moving on
from Chat GPT, I have three final tools
from you that all do pretty much the
same thing, but in slightly different
ways, and they do have slightly
different use cases. I'm going to
recommend these three different tools,
and you could create five posts from
each of these tools. The first one is
called Nvidia AI. Invido AI really
excels if you want to create faceless
voice over reels. So, it's your voice
playing in the background or it could be
a narrator's voice playing in the
background and there's no one actually
talking to the camera. It's just kind of
playing the the audio is playing over
different B-roll and different stock
images. I've used Nvidia a ton in the
past and one of my pro tips for Nvidia
is instead of giving it a prompt and
allowing it free will to create whatever
output it wants based off that prompt,
you can give it the exact script, the
exact word for word that you want it to
say. And then it will create this voice
over saying exactly what you want it to.
And you can even have it clone your
voice. So, this is a way that you could
create entire batches of reels that
sound like you recording with some
professional microphone doing a voice
over, but it was all done with
AI. The second tool is called Hey Genen,
and Hey Genen is really great for
creating AI avatars or AI clones. I'm
not a big fan of cloning yourself with
AI because I just believe at the current
stage AI is not quite advanced enough.
the image generation and video
generation technologies are not advanced
enough to create a copy of you that
looks like you and sounds like you. It
sounds kind of uh robotic at this point
and it just doesn't quite look realistic
enough yet, especially when people can
compare it to your actual talking head
videos. But hey Jen can be very useful
for creating product review videos, for
creating um brand ambassador type
videos, for basically creating a video
where there's someone who maybe doesn't
exist in the real world, but you want
them uh to exist for the purpose of your
video. Hey Genen can be very useful for
that.
And then the final AI tool that you can
use to create the final five pieces of
content, which brings us to the round
even number of 100 posts from AI is
arguably the most viral tool of the last
month or so, and that's VO3 from Google.
VO is especially great if you're someone
who wants to create faceless videos or
B-roll videos. It can generate B-roll
videos from scratch very easily and
they're really, really impressive.
Probably the coolest feature about VO
and in my opinion the most useful
feature for VO is not just that it can
create really realistic looking videos,
videos that are almost indistinguishable
from real videos, but it can add audio,
it can add sound effects, it can add
actual noise that matches the video and
it matches it very very well. Um, and so
if you're looking for faceless content
or B-roll content, VO3 is a great
option.
With all that being said, I want to
remind you one last time of something
I've said numerous times in today's
episode, which is that you don't have to
use every single AI tool. You don't have
to be an AI expert. You just have to be
AI curious. And so, by just listening to
today's episode, you've proven to me,
you have shown me that you are AI
curious. So now, before you go watch
another video, before you spiral down
into this rabbit hole even more, go out
there and create some content. Use one
of the prompts that I shared with you in
today's episode. Use one of the prompts
that we have linked up on that 16 chat
GPT prompts guide down in the show
notes. Use one and put it to work. Try
out one of the new tools. Have fun. Play
with it. And use AI to create more good
content in less time. Thank you so much
for watching this week and as always,
happy networking.